[SOUND] Okay, so here I am in Mac OS, and
I'm actually using
the latest one as of this
recording, which is El Capitan.
And let's go ahead and,
I already downloaded Sublime Text.
So, let's go ahead and double click
that and, and install that real quick.
Very easy it just opens up this window.
We just drag it to my applications folder.
And after about a second it's done.
Just verify that it's actually in here.
It is, so I can close that, close that,
and go ahead eject the mount.
And actually now if I do command space,
and
start typing some sublime it will
come up Sublime Text right there.
I said yes, I want to open it for
the first time.
And actually, I want to drag it right
next to Chrome, that I already installed.
Okay, so this way I could
actually quit at this point.
And the next thing I want to do,
is we want to install Git.
So we're going to go ahead and
install the latest version of Git, and
we'll go to Google and I will just,
search for download git for Mac.
And that's the first link comes up,
that's exactly what we need.
And hopefully it will start
downloading in about a second.
Or we could just click ourselves and
download it ourselves.
Okay, so it started to download.
Okay, so once it's done,
we'll go ahead and open it up.
Double click on it, and now we have to
double click the package installer.
And it says here, that our security
preferences at the moment is such that,
we're not allowed to install anything
that is not from the Mac App Store.
That's not a problem, what we're
going to do is just click OK, and
we'll go to our preferences and
we'll go to security.
Right here, allow apps downloaded from but
we really need to have it anywhere.
So, we'll go ahead unlock that and
we'll click anywhere.
It says,
yes I do want to confirm anywhere.
After we install,
we can always put it back to the original
setting so we're not unsecure.
And now, we can double click on that file.
And go ahead and go through the prompts.
Install, give it that password,
admin password and we're done.
So now we have to just double-check
that 2.6.3 is actually installed and
is in our command line.
So we'll go ahead and do command-space and
we'll pull up the terminal.
And in the terminal we'll say
git dash dash version, and
it's 2.6.3, which is exactly what we need.
Okay, so Git is installed.
The next step is to install browser sync.
Well in order to install browser sync,
we first need to install node JS.
So we'll go ahead and go to say download.
Download node js for Mac and here it is.
And it says here Mac installer,
we'll go mature and dependable.
Okay, once that's done let's go ahead and
open it up and I will click it.
To install we'll go through
the prompts Yes we agree,
install, can give it the admin password,
and we're done.
And it just says here,
that we have to make sure that
/usr/local/bin is in our path.
Well, let's go ahead and
make sure of that, we'll go to terminal.
Well actually, what we'll do
is we'll restart the terminal.
It's always a good idea to restart the
terminal after things like that install.
And we'll say, node, dash, dash, version.
And that's the right one.
And another one is npm, which stands
fore node package manager, dash,
dash, version, which is actually
what we're really after right now.
And it seems like that's working, as well.
We'll go ahead and echo the path just
like they told us to to make sure.
And sure enough user local bin is
inside our path, so we're good to go.
So to install browser sync let's go
ahead and Google it first, browser sync.
And we should get the browser sync's,
the webpage and
it tells us to install it we need to
do npm install dash g browser sync.
And dash g just means globally,
not just for our user but for all users.
Well, we're going to go ahead and
copy this command.
But, since there's some new things
that came in the Mac OS El Capitan,
we're going to actually do a sudo command,
instead of just directly installing.
So, do sudo npm install, dash g browser
sync, we'll go ahead and execute that,
it's going to ask us for the password,
we'll give it the password and hopefully,
this will install just fine.
Okay, there were some warnings, and
it's also telling us we should
install developer tools.
We'll go ahead and click OK, because
that's something we're going to need.
Hopefully, you already have
that installed for you.
But if you don't,
this is something that you'll
definitely need as you keep developing.
Okay, it says software was installed, and
lets go ahead and double check that our
browser sync actually got installed.
Lets do browser sync dash dash version,
and sure enough that's working.
Now, I can't guarantee that all these
steps are going to be exactly the same
because depending on what you actually
have already installed on your machine.
These steps might be
a little bit different, but
that's about what you're going to get.
There are some things that
came out as error but
it seems like browser sync actually
installed after all, so we can use it.
So let's go ahead and try it out.
Let's go and open, we're in Terminal.
Let's go ahead and
make a directory called, test site, okay?
And we'll open our subline text and
we'll save this page.
We'll save this page inside
our test site folder.
Users, Yakov, Test Site, and
we'll just call it index dot HTML.
Okay, and now we could actually have
a shortcut here inside Sublime.
If we do HTML then control space should
give us a quick template of a page,
we'll say Hello Coursera.
And we'll just give it one h one,
we'll say again hello Coursera,
okay, we'll save that page.
So now what browser sync is going to allow
us to do is it's going to allow us to
constantly have or
be constant kind of a little server for
us that we could see our
page in the browser.
And at the same time as we
edit our page it will update
everything that we're editing
straight in the browser.
So the way that we'd do that
is we could issue a command.
But first first we'll go
switch the test_site,
we'll cd into test_site, clear that.
It does our HTML, so we'll issue
a command called browser-sync and
say start, say server, and server mode.
And we'll give it another
option called directory.
It will actually serve up the entire
directory, not just the particular file.
And we'll tell it what what
type of files to watch for,
that if any of those files change, I want
you to go ahead and refresh the browser.
And we'll put a star,
meaning I want any type of files that say,
that are going to change
in this directory or
any sub directory, I want you to go ahead
and reload the things in the browser.
So when I press Enter, you'll see that
it already running a local server
on port 3,000 and there's our index.html.
Now if we didn't put
the dash dash directory,
I believe it will it would try
to go right away to index.html.
But since we could have multiple files
here, I'll just leave it at that.
And when we click index.html, you see
it's right there, it's not working.
Okay so in part three of this lecture,
we're actually going to to go ahead and
use BrowserSync and I'll demo to you how
we're going to use it in this course.
And we're also going to go
through some basics of Git, and
how to deploy to GitHub
to host your website.